# Full Stack Open CI/CD
## Warmup

Assuming an application is build in Javascript, there are some common tools available for linting, testing, and building. A common Javascript linting tool is ESlint, which is a pluggable and configurable tool for identifying and reporting Javascript patterns. There are also a variety of testing tools available for testing, depending on what you are testing. For many React applications, Jest is a common library choice, along with the react-testing-library which is used for rendering components for testing purposes. End-to-end testing, where we test a system as a whole, can be done with cypress. Building a Javascript application is different to how a compiled language (e.g. C) is built, which are compiled into an executable binary. A basic vanilla Javascript generally doesn't require a build step at all, it is often compiled "just-in-time" in the browser's runtime environment, or node. Modern Javascript frameworks such as React however, do involve a buildstep using webpack, to bundle the components into a production ready version.

There are a variety of alternative CI setup options. CircleCI provides tools for either developing a self-hosted setup, or a cloud service for CI hosting. Docker also provides Docker Hub to help streamlining the CI/CD process.

From the outset, a relatively small project built by 6 people will likely benefit most from a cloud-based solution like Github Actions. Assuming it isn't a graphically intensive project, a cloud-based solution is typically useful for small to medium sized projects, with a short build time, and has less complexity in the CI pipeline. It would also require less time configuring, and given the needs of a project run by 6 people, it would be time-consuming to run a self-hosted solution.